You think they'll accept your surrender?
They even play with the citizens' lives
to maintain their power.
I can't let those bastards have their way.
Is that so hard to understand?
The party considers the people
as its children.
They'd never abandon you?
You really think so?
A huge sum of money
must be at stake in this joint scheme.
You think your party will give up
the money to save three spies?
You really believe that?
You think you're safe since you have…
the ANSP director's daughter?
Wake up.
I bet they'll try everything they can to
get her out of here before the election.
Bring me proof that what you say is true.
Proof?
Tied up like this?
Your subordinate will come back in later.
Tell her to bring me proof
that I can trust.
Hard evidence that
our countries are scheming to kill us all.
But if she brings it,
will you destroy that detonator
and work with me?
Are you willing to work with us
to get out of here alive?
How could you be so stupid
to hide a gun in Dr. Kang's bag?
They say those bastards won't
release her because of you!
Apologize. Now.
Don't do anything stupid again.
And just come out
as soon as you deliver the supplies. Okay?
Yes, sir.
By the way, sir,
seeing how he specifically asked for her,
he must like her very much.
-Is that so?
-Yes.
Are you serious right now?
I stabbed them in the back
to let the SWAT team break in
without knowing it was a lie.
He might be asking for me
in order to get back at me.
Hey, look.
You make it sound like we fooled you.
They're threatening to blow up the dorm!
How can we send the SWAT team in?
We must save the students!
Go
tell Dr. Kang
that we'll save her at all costs
and to have faith in me and hang in there.
Only Dr. Kang?
-God damn it. Seriously…
-You understood, Jang, right?
Get out. You don't have much time.
-Now.
-You get out too.
Wait for me.
God, my blood pressure again.
The ANSP has gotten
the food and medical supplies
the spies demanded
ready in front of their camp.
The supplies include
ten boxes of cup noodles,
drugs for diabetes and blood pressure,
and some men's clothes.
He's coming out!
Hey!
Gyeong-hui!
Can't you do your job right?
How could you let
a stray dog waltz in here?
I'm sorry, sir.
Are you mad at me?
Because a stray dog like me is so polite?
Come on, Gyeong-hui. Be understanding.
For old times' sake!
She's going in!
Are the hostages safe? Is anyone injured?
Who's in there other than the students?
In return for providing the food
and medical supplies the spies demanded,
we, the ANSP,
strongly urged them
to release the hostages safely.
Do you have any contingency plans?
If the spies don't release
the hostages this time,
unfortunately, it might prolong
the hostage situation.
That's how we're looking at it. However--
It might prolong it?
They've already started putting on an act.
You're watching the news, right?
Listen carefully.
In the people's eyes,
it must look like
you're making this drag on
and we're trying to break in
to take you down at any chance we get.
And it must look like we're not able to